Added missing release note for OPSC-17614 (#203)
datastax/release-notes: OpsCenter_6.8_Release_Notes.md

* Fixed an issue for handling special characters in dropped columns when restoring a table schema. (OPSC-17640)
* Enabled the compression option for Azure backup destinations. (OPSC-17654)
* Fixed an issue that prevented the backup and restore of tables using Storage-Attached Indexes (SAI) in DSE 6.9. (OPSC-17678)

> * Introduced a new agent config option `azcopy_max_files` which controls the maximum number of files that will uploaded via azcopy at once. (OPSC-17614)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced `azcopy_max_files`, an agent configuration option to control the maximum number of files that the azcopy utility uploads at the same time. (OPSC-17614)
```
